README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/m3u8-To-MP4?style=flat-square   :alt: PyPI


M3u8-To-MP4
============

Python downloader for saving m3u8 videos to local MP4 files.

QuickStart
=============


Install m3u8_To_MP4 via pip
---------------------------------------


1. Preparation: configure ffmpeg. (e.g., Win10)

    * `Download <https://ffmpeg.org/download.html>`_ "release full" build. It will have the largest set of libraries with greater functionality.
    * Extract the contents in the ZIP file to a folder of your choice.
    * To add FFmpeg to Win10 path. (User variables -> Path -> New and add)
    * Verify. Open the Command Prompt or PowerShell window, type ffmpeg, and press Enter.

2. Installation: m3u8_To_MP4

    .. code-block:: python

       pip install m3u8_To_MP4



Download a mp4 video
---------------------------------------

There are two options to download a m3u8 video into a mp4 file: async and multi-threads.

Multi-thread downloader (recommend)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
.. code-block:: python

   import m3u8_To_MP4

   if __name__ == '__main__':
       # 1. Download videos from uri.
       m3u8_To_MP4.multithread_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8')

       # 2. Download videos from existing m3u8 files.
       m3u8_To_MP4.multithread_file_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8',m3u8_file_path)

       # For compatibility, i reserve this api, but i do not recommend to you again.
       # m3u8_To_MP4.download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8')


Asynchronous downloader
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
.. code-block:: python

   import m3u8_To_MP4

   if __name__ == '__main__':
       # 1. Download mp4 from uri.
       m3u8_To_MP4.async_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8')

       # 2. Download mp4 from existing m3u8 files.
       m3u8_To_MP4.async_file_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8',m3u8_file_path)



Resuming
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
If you use default tmp dir, resuming the transfer from the point of interruption will be executed automatically (based on crc32 hashing).

Custom http request header
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
In some cases, customized http request headers help to match some website requirements. For the available APIs, you can pass in a dictionary type header, which overrides the settings in the program. A simple example is:

.. code-block:: python

   import m3u8_To_MP4

   if __name__ == '__main__':
       customized_http_header=dict()
       customized_http_header['Referer']='https://videoserver.com/'

       m3u8_To_MP4.multithread_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8',customized_http_header=customized_http_header)


Features
=============
#. Treat ffmpeg as a system service to achieve cross-platform.
#. If ffmpeg is not found, archiving is also supported. (v0.1.3 new features)
#. Resume from interruption. (based on crc32 temp directory path)
#. Use system tmp folder.
#. Concurrent requests based on the thread pool.
#. Concurrent requests based on efficient coroutines (v0.1.3 new features).
#. The retry strategy is carried out collectively after the whole cycle is repeated, avoiding the problem of short retry interval.
#. Download videos from existing m3u8 files.
#. Anti-crawler parameters based on customized request headers.
#. Clean codes based on inheritance.


TODO
=============
* Errors: application data after close notify (related to the Python interpreter).
* Extract independent asynchronous http package.
* Support IPv6.
* Compare ffmpeg/avconv/mencoder/moviepy.
* Support bilibili etc.


.. _ffmpeg: http://www.ffmpeg.org/download.html

Commit message:

Add pip installation methods by clone and local installation.

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/m3u8-To-MP4?style=flat-square   :alt: PyPI


M3u8-To-MP4
============

Python downloader for saving m3u8 videos to local MP4 files.

QuickStart
=============


Install m3u8_To_MP4 via pip
---------------------------------------


1. Preparation: configure ffmpeg. (e.g., Win10)

    * `Download <https://ffmpeg.org/download.html>`_ "release full" build. It will have the largest set of libraries with greater functionality.
    * Extract the contents in the ZIP file to a folder of your choice.
    * To add FFmpeg to Win10 path. (User variables -> Path -> New and add)
    * Verify. Open the Command Prompt or PowerShell window, type ffmpeg, and press Enter.

2. Installation: m3u8_To_MP4

    .. code-block:: python

       # via pypi.org
       python -m pip install m3u8_To_MP4

       # first clone project, and install.
       git clone https://github.com/songs18/m3u8_To_MP4.git
       python -m pip install ./m3u8_To_MP4


Download a mp4 video
---------------------------------------

There are two options to download a m3u8 video into a mp4 file: async and multi-threads.

Multi-thread downloader (recommend)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
.. code-block:: python

   import m3u8_To_MP4

   if __name__ == '__main__':
       # 1. Download videos from uri.
       m3u8_To_MP4.multithread_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8')

       # 2. Download videos from existing m3u8 files.
       m3u8_To_MP4.multithread_file_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8',m3u8_file_path)

       # For compatibility, i reserve this api, but i do not recommend to you again.
       # m3u8_To_MP4.download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8')


Asynchronous downloader
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
.. code-block:: python

   import m3u8_To_MP4

   if __name__ == '__main__':
       # 1. Download mp4 from uri.
       m3u8_To_MP4.async_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8')

       # 2. Download mp4 from existing m3u8 files.
       m3u8_To_MP4.async_file_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8',m3u8_file_path)



Resuming
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
If you use default tmp dir, resuming the transfer from the point of interruption will be executed automatically (based on crc32 hashing).

Custom http request header
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
In some cases, customized http request headers help to match some website requirements. For the available APIs, you can pass in a dictionary type header, which overrides the settings in the program. A simple example is:

.. code-block:: python

   import m3u8_To_MP4

   if __name__ == '__main__':
       customized_http_header=dict()
       customized_http_header['Referer']='https://videoserver.com/'

       m3u8_To_MP4.multithread_download('http://videoserver.com/playlist.m3u8',customized_http_header=customized_http_header)


Features
=============
#. Treat ffmpeg as a system service to achieve cross-platform.
#. If ffmpeg is not found, archiving is also supported. (v0.1.3 new features)
#. Resume from interruption. (based on crc32 temp directory path)
#. Use system tmp folder.
#. Concurrent requests based on the thread pool.
#. Concurrent requests based on efficient coroutines (v0.1.3 new features).
#. The retry strategy is carried out collectively after the whole cycle is repeated, avoiding the problem of short retry interval.
#. Download videos from existing m3u8 files.
#. Anti-crawler parameters based on customized request headers.
#. Clean codes based on inheritance.


TODO
=============
* Errors: application data after close notify (related to the Python interpreter).
* Extract independent asynchronous http package.
* Support IPv6.
* Compare ffmpeg/avconv/mencoder/moviepy.
* Support bilibili etc.


.. _ffmpeg: http://www.ffmpeg.org/download.html
